## Harvey's Spaceships 🚀

### Application built with Create React App

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

### Project structure

-   src
    -   tests
        -   App.test: tests whether the App component & loading animation is rendered.
        -   Search.test: tests whether the Search component is rendered
    -   components - index
        -   List: a list component, lists all cards with two props
        -   ListCard: a reusable card that renders the spaceship data
        -   LoadingSpinner: a loading animation so that the user knows things are happening
        -   Modal: reusable modal triggered by a button, it shows more spaceship data
        -   Search: responsible for fetching the data and filtering the results
        -   SearchInput: a simple and dumb input, nothing special
        -   ShowError: in case things break, it alerts the user that something has gone terribly wrong
    -   graphql
        -   client: the...well...client :)
        -   query: includes all the needed things from SpaceX's API
    -   hooks
        -   useOnCloseModal: a lonely hook that is responsible for closing a modal when the user clicks outside of the modal or presses _Esc_
    -   icons
        -   a slightly different way of using icons, but hear me out, I use it as a component, just as fast and it's JS, easy to edit or pass props to

### How to get it working on your local machine

#### Step 1 run `npm i` from the project's root directory

#### Step 2 _check available npm scripts below generated by [CRA](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app)_

### Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

#### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in your browser.

The page will reload when you make changes.\
You may also see any lint errors in the console.

#### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

#### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

#### `npm run eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can't go back!**

If you aren't satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you're on your own.

You don't have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn't feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn't be useful if you couldn't customize it when you are ready for it.
